Adding documentation for global action configuration options (#83557)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/defining-alerts.asciidoc

Actions are not required on alerts. In some cases you may want to run an alert without actions first to understand its behavior, and configure actions later.
==============================================

[float]
=== Global actions configuration
Some actions configuration options apply to all actions.

> If you are using an *on-premises* Elastic Stack deployment, you can set these in the kibana.yml file.

Reviewer: Although "on-premises" and "on-prem" are both allowed, I think "on-prem" sounds better here.

Author: done

If you are using a cloud deployment, you can set these via the console.

Here's a list of the available global configuration options and an explanation of what each one does:

> * `xpack.actions.allowedHosts`: Set to an array of host names which actions such as email, slack, pagerduty, and webhook can connect to. An element of * indicates any host can be connected to. An empty array indicates no hosts can be connected to. Default: [ {asterisk} ]

Reviewer: Should Slack, PagerDuty, and Webhook be capitalize?

Suggestion:

Set to an array of host names **that** actions such as email, slack, pagerduty, and webhook can connect to. An * indicates any host, and an empty array indicates no hosts.

Author: Slack and PagerDuty, yes, webhook is not a product but a generic term, so no.

> * `xpack.actions.enabledActionTypes`: Set to an array of action types that are enabled. An element of * indicates all action types registered are enabled. The action types provided by Kibana are: .server-log, .slack, .email, .index, .pagerduty, .webhook. Default: [ {asterisk} ]

Reviewer 2: Should `*` be a `{asterisk}`? 🤔

Author: Yup good catch.

> * `xpack.actions.enabledActionTypes`: Set to an array of action types that are enabled. An element of * indicates all action types registered are enabled. The action types provided by Kibana are: .server-log, .slack, .email, .index, .pagerduty, .webhook. Default: [ {asterisk} ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `xpack.actions.enabledActionTypes`: Set to an array of action types that are enabled. An * indicates all action types registered are enabled. The action types that {kib} provides are: .server-log, .slack, .email, .index, .pagerduty, .webhook. Default: [ {asterisk} ]
```

> * `xpack.actions.proxyUrl`: Specifies the proxy URL to use, if using a proxy for actions.

Reviewer: For this, and the next one, how about using "Specify" so that these items start the same way as other items in the list.

Author: Makes sense.
